Task API improvements, task engine processing explained. (#171)
Knotx/knotx-fragments: task/api/README.md

# Task API
This repository contains a [task](#task) definition details. 

If you are looking for information about:
- task declaration syntax, check the [Task Factories](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/task/factory)
- task processing details (such as error handling etc.), check the [Task Engine](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/task/engine)

## Task

> Task transforms a [fragment](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/api#fragment) to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task transforms a [fragment](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/api#fragment) into 
```

a new one. It declares [fragment operations](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/api#fragment-operation) 
to be performed and connections between them. It reflects that a task is a graph, whose [nodes](#node) 
are fragment operations linked by edges (called [transitions](#transition)). So a task is a directed 

> graph of nodes. Besides, each node can be reached only from exactly one path (transition), so the graph 
> is acyclic, basically it is a tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
graph of nodes. Besides, each node can be reached only from exactly one path (transition), meaning the graph 
is acyclic. It's basically a tree.
```

The graph below depicts nodes, represented by circles (`A, B, C`), and transitions illustrated as 
arrows (`B transition`, `C transition`).

![Task](assets/images/graph.png)

Tasks allow defining more [complex structures](#composite-node) such as a list of subtasks (subgraphs).

### Node
Node has a single input and declares zero-to-many outputs (transitions). There are two base node 
types: a [single node](#single-node) and a [composite node](#composite-node).

See also the [Actions Library](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/action/library), 

> that provides the most common node's implementations e.g `HTTP Action`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that provides the most common node's implementations, e.g `HTTP Action`.
```

#### Composite Node
Composite node defines a list of subgraphs to evaluate. It enables `parallel` processing of independent 
subgraphs (e.g. calling two external independent data sources). Each subgraph gets a fragment copy and 
updates a fragment's payload. When all subgraphs end, then the reduction phase happens during which 

> all subgraphs results are merged (all copies' payloads).

Reviewer: So are we calling them subgraphs or subtasks? The word `subtask` was already introduced and now it's not used

Author: Replaced all `subgraphs` with `subtasks`.

> Important note!
> Nodes inside the composite node may only append the Fragment's payload and should not modify 
> the Fragment's body. 
> It's because there is no guarantee which node finishes processing earlier and what will be the final body output

Composite node may consist of 
- list of subgraphs of single nodes:<br/>
  ![Composite node](assets/images/composite.png)<br/>
  The diagram above represents a composite node that consists of:
  - subgraph starting with `A` (`A` -> `B`)
  - subgraph starting with `C`

- other composite nodes (or a mix of both): <br/>
  ![Nested composite nodes](assets/images/nested-composite.png)<br/>
  The diagram above represents a composite node that consists of: 
  - subgraph starting with `A` node
  - subgraph that is also a composite node (that consists of two subgraphs starting with `C` and `D` nodes).

so it is very elastic.

Despite the fact, that composite node is more like subgraph structure its general purpose is to 

> transform one fragment into a new one. Thinking more abstract, it follows the same rules as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transform one fragment into a new one. Thinking more abstractly, it follows the same rules as 
```
